The biggest risk I've taken in my career was to go be chief engineer aboard
USS. All right, lady, you engineers were fired for failing light
off exam. Three engineers turned down the job. I was the fourth guy.
I was hit by my also waas chief of staff. The fleet that actual
reason on type out a rover broke. It needed to be fixed on that wasa
very gutsy call to go do that. Uh, basically, she she was broken and
she needed a lot of help. I was able to go there. Thank you, dear.
It was in a year we passed our light off exam. We asked our tea or
coffee off about Lee Ha Lee Burke trophy time with only one ship off
class one ship, his body will get it. That trough I've got so satisfied
with that that was quite the rest go. I could have said no. I just
want to execute my orders. Maybe needed me to go toe to toe